S3 E36 · Dirt
Judo desperately wants to play in the dirt with Bluey and Bingo, but she is not supposed to get herself dirty.

S3 E35 · Smoochy Kiss
Bluey and Bingo want Dad all to themselves and will not let Mum have a smoochy kiss. They try to hide him all around the house, but Mum is desperate to spend a little romance time with her husband.

S3 E34 · Space
Mackenzie, Jack and Rusty are playing as astronauts on a mission to Mars, but during their journey, Mackenzie keeps going missing and no one knows why, not even Mackenzie.

S3 E33 · Granny Mobile
Muffin is playing Grouchy Granny at a garage sale, making Dad push her on an old mobility scooter, but when a real Grouchy Granny wants to buy it, Muffin won't budge.

S3 E32 · Tradies
Bluey and Bingo hide under the house and spy on two mysterious tradies working in the backyard, wondering what they're up to.

S3 E31 · Onesies
When Mum's sister Brandy comes over for a visit, she brings the kids onesies as a present, which has an unexpected effect on Bingo.

S3 E30 · Turtleboy
Bingo finds a toy turtle at the playground and wants to take him home, but Dad says it is not the done thing.

S3 E29 · Puppets
Bluey and Bingo teach Unicorse good manners so he can ask Mum on a date, but things go awry when Unicorse eats a tick.

S3 E28 · Stories
Indy thinks she's no good because her model horse looks like a cow, but Calypso encourages her not to give up, so she tries to fix it with a little help from Winton.

S3 E27 · Musical Statues
At the end of a long day, Bluey and her family are out of sync and out of sorts, so Mum gets everyone to play musical statues.

S3 E26 · Fairytale
Dad tells Bluey and Bingo a real-life fairy tale about growing up in a wild place called the '80s, about a boy who was cursed when he was mean to his little brother.

S3 E25 · Ragdoll
Dad agrees to take Bluey and Bingo to the shops to buy an ice cream if they can get him into the car. The only problem is, he's just entered `Ragdoll' mode.

S3 E24 · Faceytalk
Bluey and Bingo love to video chat with Muffin and Socks so they can all draw pictures together. When Muffin won't give Socks a turn, the kids discover what happens when they hog.

S3 E23 · Family Meeting
When Dad's accused of fluffing in Bluey's face as he climbs out of bed, he's put on trial with Mum as the judge, and Bluey and Bingo as witnesses. Bluey might also have to explain what she was doing there.

S3 E22 · Whale Watching
Bluey promises her customer, Bingo, the best tour ever in a game of Whale Watching, but they need Mum and Dad to join in, and they are too tired to play after a late night.

S3 E21 · Tina
Tired of being told what to do, Bluey and Bingo enlist their giant invisible friend to show Mum and Dad who's boss; now they can do anything they want, until Mum and Dad rebel.

S3 E20 · Driving
With only five minutes to play `Driving', Bluey and Mum race against the clock to buy milk for a grumpy guest and have to escape an angry shopkeeper.

S3 E19 · Pizza Girls
Bluey and Bingo are making mud pizzas and delivering them to the grownups, but their pedal car's wheel keeps falling off.

S3 E18 · Rain
When a heavy summer rain thunders over the Heeler home, Bluey is determined to dam the water in the front yard, while Mum tries to stop her constantly tracking mud into the house.

S3 E17 · Pavlova
Mum won't let Bingo have pavlova, so the kids find a way by playing a cheeky game of Café in the kitchen. But Dad the chef sets up a competing shop that only serves edamame beans.

S3 E16 · Phones
Bluey and Bingo want to play restaurants with Grandad, but it's a little different than he's used to: he's going to need an app to order the food.

S3 E15 · Explorers
While waiting to be picked up from school, Jack plays at being a sailor trying to find his way back home to Australia. Jack's dad, however, has got lost en route to collect him.

S3 E14 · Pass the Parcel
Lucky's Dad is outraged that modern Pass the Parcel has a present in every layer and changes the rules back to only having one prize in the middle. As a result, Bingo is forever losing.

S3 E13 · Housework
Mum and Dad vow to only finish their boring housework when the kids stop acting silly, but that's never going to happen, so they end up trying the same approach themselves.

S3 E12 · Sheep Dog
Dad agrees to play Sheepdog with Bluey and Bingo to stop them from disturbing Mom, who is taking a well-earned rest, but looking after a sheep is harder work than they expected.

S3 E11 · Chest
Dad tries to teach Bluey how to play chess, but Mum thinks she is still too young. When Bingo joins in, the kids make up their own rules, but they still can't beat Dad.

S3 E10 · Magic
Bluey teaches Bingo how to use magic so she can make Mum play with her, but she forgets to explain the most important rule - never use magic for cheekiness!

S3 E9 · Curry Quest
When they go on a curry swap to Mackenzie's house through the park, Bingo and Dad must brave a swooping magpie protecting its nest.

S3 E8 · Unicorse
Bluey can't get to sleep, so Mum reads her one last story; but they are interrupted by Unicorse, the most annoying hand puppet in the world, whom Bluey tries to reform.

S3 E7 · Mini Bluey
When Dad complains about how dissimilar Bluey and Bingo are, Bluey hatches a plan to make them more alike and happily introduces Mini-Bluey.

S3 E6 · Born Yesterday
Dad pretends he was born yesterday. Bluey and Bingo have to guide him through his second day on Earth, especially when he discovers food is delicious and steals Lucky's Dad's pie.

S3 E5 · Omelette
Bingo is helping Mum make an omelette for Dad's birthday breakfast, but cracking eggs is harder than it looks, and Dad is getting hungrier by the minute.

S3 E5 · Promises
Bluey keeps breaking her promises, but after seeing how much Bingo trusts Mum's word, Bluey learns the power of promises and why it is important not to break them.

S3 E3 · Obstacle Course
Mum sets up a backyard obstacle course just for fun, but Dad wants to race. Now, the kids are determined to win by any means necessary.

S3 E2 · Bedroom
Bluey is excited to get her own room, but when bedtime comes, she misses Bingo more than she expected and must find a way to stay in touch with her sister.

S3 E1 · Perfect
Bluey's Father's Day card has to be perfect, but she can't decide what to draw; Mom reminds her about all the fun times she's had with Dad and how he's not so perfect either.

S2 E51 · Christmas Swim
The Heelers gather for a classic Aussie Christmas. Bluey gets a new teddy and introduces him to the whole family, but the family play too rough with him and now he wants to go home, until Frisky convinces him to stay.

S2 E50 · Baby Race
Mum reminisces about Bluey and Judo as babies. Bluey learnt to roll over first, but Judo was the first to crawl, so then it became a race to see who was going to walk first.

S2 E49 · Typewriter
Bluey, Snickers, and Winton are on their way to ask Calypso for help with their problems, when they are ambushed by the Terriers and use their unique talents to get past.

S2 E47 · Ice Cream
Bluey and Bingo want a lick of each other's ice cream, but they are so focused on making sure each lick is fair, they don't notice their ice creams are melting.

S2 E46 · Road Trip
Mum helps Bluey and Bingo find ways to entertain themselves on a family road trip, while Dad tries to stay ahead of the grey nomad convoy or risk camping near the toilets.

S2 E45 · Handstand
At a party, Bingo is desperate to show off her handstand skills, while Nanna can't find a way to make herself useful. They're both feeling a bit lost, until they find each other.

S2 E44 · Duck Cake
Bluey wants to help Dad make Bingo's birthday cake, but first she must put away her toys. But nothing can tempt her to clean up, until Dad drops the cake.

S2 E43 · Muffin Cone
When Muffin can't stop sucking her thumb, she has to wear a cone of shame. But the cone gets in her way and she can no longer play `sandwich shop' with Bluey and Bingo.

S2 E42 · Bin Night
Bluey, Bingo and Dad always take out the bins. Over a few weeks, Bingo tells Dad about a new kid at kindy who is mean to her and Mum offers some good advice.

S2 E41 · Octopus
When Chloe tries to teach her dad to improvise and play Bluey's game of Octopus at home, he finds it hard to understand or enjoy, until they both realize they can play it their own way.

S2 E40 · Bad Mood
Bingo is playing Bad Mood with Dad, standing on his feet as Dad stomps around the house, controlling everything Bingo does and causing chaos.

S2 E39 · Double Babysitter
When Uncle Rad and Frisky accidentally turn up to babysit Bluey and Bingo on the same night, they have to work together to make Bluey feel better about babysitter put-downs.

S2 E38 · Mr Monkeyjocks
Dad thinks the kids have too many toys and suggests a chuck out. To save their beloved Mr Monkeyjocks from getting the chop, Bluey and Bingo must prove he is special.

S2 E36 · Postman
When Mum and Dad have a disagreement, Bluey makes Dad write a love letter to Mum to make up. Bluey must find a way to play Ground's Lava with Bingo and deliver the letter to Mum, without squabbling.

S2 E35 · Cafe
In the park, Bluey meets a new playmate named Winnie, but when Bluey wants to invite her and her dad home for breakfast, she learns that adults take a little bit longer to make friends.

S2 E34 · Swim School
Mom, Dad, and Bingo must complete both their classes to pass swim school, but pleasing strict Big Fish instructor Margaret (aka Bluey) is proving to be very difficult.

S2 E33 · Circus
Bluey is the ringmaster in a game of circus with her friends, but Hercules wants to play his motorcycle game instead. Luckily, Bluey has a solution to keep everyone happy.

S2 E32 · Burger Shop
It's time for Bluey and Bingo to get out of the bath. But Dad has decided not to tell them what to do and gets roped into a game of Burger Shop.

S2 E31 · Barky Boats
Bluey and Mackenzie are excited to spend time with their two buddies Mia and Captain; when the older kids run off to play together without them, Calypso explains that growing up can be hard.

S2 E29 · Movies
It's Bluey's first trip to the cinema, but she's worried the movie will be too scary. When Bingo starts running amok in the theatre, she must conquer her fear and help Dad out.

S2 E28 · Seesaw
Dad has rudely plonked himself on one end of the seesaw. So Bluey and Bingo round up the entire playground to help flip him off, but they still need to find one more friend.

S2 E27 · Grandad
Grandad is supposed to be resting, but when Bluey and Bingo go to visit him, he makes a run for it with the kids and takes them on a madcap adventure into the bush.

S2 E26 · Sleepytime
Mum reads bedtime stories to Bingo and kisses her goodnight. Bingo tells her mom that she will wake up in her own bed the next morning, and she has a dream about a space adventure with Floppy.

S2 E23 · Queens
Bluey and Bingo construct a mini-civilization; Mum is crowned Queen with the girls as her butlers; Bluey and Bingo commute on the Dad-Train.

S2 E22 · Bus
The Heelers play Bus with Dad as the driver, Mum as a passenger, and Bluey and Bingo as the Grannies. When passenger Mum gets too scared to tell bus driver Dad that she secretly loves him, she gets some help from the Grannies.

S2 E20 · Tickle Crabs
When Dad brings a pair of tenacious crabs home from the beach, Bluey and Bingo want to play a game of Tickle Crabs. Dad must learn to endure the pain of their tickles until he is finally rescued by a friendly seagull.

S2 E18 · Piggyback
The Heelers take a late afternoon walk by the river, but Bingo decides she's too tired to walk any further and needs a piggyback. To distract her, Mum and Dad invent fun games and get her little legs moving again.

S2 E17 · Fancy Restaurant
Bluey and Bingo want Mum and Dad to be romantic, so they set up a special evening for the two at their fancy restaurant. Everything goes according to plan, until chef Bingo's special arrives.

S2 E16 · Army
Jack is the new dog at school and the newest recruit in Rusty's Army. Jack struggles with following instructions and always forgets his hat, but Rusty will make a soldier out of him.

S2 E15 · Trains
Bingo is a model citizen who commutes on the `Dad Train' to drop off her daughter at day care, go to work as a vet, and then go back home again. However, there's trouble on the line when a mischievous Bluey throws everyone off schedule.

S2 E14 · Mum School
Bluey plays mum to a brood of bouncy balloons, including an irrepressible floater named Greeny. Mum and Bluey play `Mum School', in which Mum agrees to teach Bluey how to control her rowdy kids and be a better mum.

S2 E13 · Dad Baby
When Dad shows the kids how to use their old baby-harness, a new game is born: Dad Baby. However, dad is unprepared for the harsh realities of giving birth to a baby Bingo.

S2 E11 · Charades
Bluey and Bingo spend the day at Nana's and want everyone to play charades, but their cousins Muffin and Socks are too young to understand the rules. Nana must quickly think of how to keep the game on track.

S2 E10 · Rug Island
Bluey and Bingo pretend that they are living on a desert island in the back garden and they discover Dad washed up on the beach. Dad needs to embrace his inner kid if he wants to make Bingo and Bluey's Rug Island his home, too.

S2 E9 · Bingo
When Bluey has a play date at Chloe's, Bingo must learn how to play without her sister. However, all the games she knows need more than one person. Luckily, Dad has a problem that needs solving.

S2 E8 · Daddy Dropoff
It's Dad's turn to give the kids breakfast and drop them off at school on time, but Bluey and Bingo are not going to make it easy for him. The girls make Dad play so many games and they quickly derail his plan.

S2 E7 · Favourite Thing
At dinner, the Heelers play a game called `My Favorite Thing Today' and take turns remembering their favourite thing from the day. However, when Bluey laughs at something her sister said earlier, Bingo's mood darkens.

S2 E6 · Stumpfest
While Dad and his mates pull out some tree stumps in the garden, Bluey, Bingo and Muffin turn one stump into a nail salon. When it comes time to pull out the girls' stump, Dad must strike a deal.

S2 E5 · Hairdressers
Bluey and Bingo play a game of hairdressers, catering to Mum and all her needs. Then Dad comes along for a haircut, too, and Bluey and Bingo are surprised to discover that he has lice.

S2 E4 · Squash
When Dad and Uncle Stripe play a game of squash, Bluey and Bingo pretend that they are in control of their every move. Bingo proves that big siblings don't always beat little siblings.

S2 E1 · Dance Mode
When Dad eats her last chip, Bingo is given three chances to put Mum and Dad in `Dance Mode' as a form of payback. The game involves flicking someone's tail when there's music on to send them into an endless dance.

S2 E3 · Library; Swim School; Bin Night
Muffin plays the game of library her way; Mum, Dad and Bingo must pass swim school; Bluey, Bingo and Dad always take out the bins.

S2 E2 · Sleepytime
Christmas in Bluey's house; Bluey gets a new teddy for Christmas and Bingo promises to wake up in her own bed.

S1 E52 · Verandah Santa
It's Christmas and Bluey is very focused on being good to get more presents, but when a game of Verandah Santa leaves cousin Socks upset, Bluey must learn the virtue of kindness.

S1 E51 · Daddy Putdown
When Mum goes out to a baby shower, Dad takes charge of the girls' evening routine, but with Bluey missing Mum, Dad has to pull out all the games he knows to keep them entertained.

S1 E50 · Shaun
Dad transforms his hand into Shaun, an uninspired emu with a knack for getting into trouble, to demonstrate to Bluey and Bingo just how difficult it is to look after a pet.

S1 E49 · Asparagus
Dad chides Bluey for not minding her manners at the dinner table, but when Bluey gets a hold of a magical asparagus stick, she proves that everyone has a wild side.

S1 E48 · Teasing
Bluey, Bingo and Mum get into a debate with Dad about the definition of teasing. As they recall all the times he's been a big teaser, Dad argues that he was only playing.

S1 E47 · Neighbours
Bluey goes to mum for advice about pesky neighbours when her couch cushion playhouse is threatened by Bingo's huge stable of animals.

S1 E46 · Chickenrat
It's bedtime and Bingo can't remember where she left her beloved Flopp. After retracing their steps, Bingo and Bluey lead Mum through their bizarre day in the hope of tracking her down.

S1 E45 · Kids
While on a trip to the shops, Bingo and Bluey create issues for their parents when they insist on playing a game of `Kids.'

S1 E44 · Mount Mumandad
Bingo and Bluey only have five minutes before bedtime, so they decide to race to the top of Mount Mumandad. They must work together to battle through bracing storms, avalanches, and stinky areas.

S1 E43 · Camping
While on a camping trip, Bluey makes a new friend named Jean-Luc. While they may not understand each other, they find a connection while playing and searching for a wild Daddy Pig.

S1 E42 · Hide and Seek
When the family gather for a game of hide and seek, Bluey takes her turn to count to 20. However, she struggles to stay focused on the game and not her toys.

S1 E41 · Mums and Dads
When Indy and Rusty pretend to be parents, they struggle to agree on who should get a job. Later, Indy finds it hard to get a babysitter, and Bluey pretends Rusty is her baby.

S1 E40 · Early Baby
Bluey's playgroup is thrown into chaos when Indy's baby hospital clashes with Rusty's knights and dragons game. However, they soon find that their games are quite similar.

S1 E39 · The Sleepover
When Bingo and Bluey visit their cousin's house for a sleepover, they take this opportunity to stay up late; when Muffin arrives very tired from not taking her nap, the girls have more fun than they expected.

S1 E38 · Copycat
Bluey's copycat game takes a bad turn when she finds an injured budgie and the family makes an emergency visit to the vet.

S1 E37 · The Adventure
Bluey and Chloe set out on an adventure to rescue the playground kingdom from the grasp of a greedy queen.

S1 E36 · Backpackers
Mum and Dad set out on an adventure and decide to wear the kids as backpacks. Everything is going great until they misplace their passports.

S1 E35 · Zoo
Bluey creates a zoo in her backyard that features all sorts of amazing creatures, including the big blue daddy gorilla; when he escapes, zookeeper Bluey attempts to track him down.

S1 E34 · The Dump
While visiting the dump, Dad announces that he is the best at everything. When Bluey finds out that Dad threw out one of her old drawings, she starts to doubt whether he is the best.

S1 E33 · Trampoline
When Dad is forced to stop playing with the girls to do some work, the girls do everything in their power to keep him playing games with them on the trampoline.

S1 E32 · Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound
When Bingo has to go to hospital, Bluey and Dad make a homemade video to cheer her up, featuring the story of Barnicus' quest to heal her spotted dog called Bumpy.

S1 E31 · Work
During a game of 'work', Dad hires Bluey and Bingo at his drainpipe factory. When Bluey takes charge, Dad is less than impressed with the her no dancing rule.

S1 E30 · Fairies
When Bluey's house becomes overrun by mischievous fairies, the whole family work together to hunt the invisible imps.

S1 E29 · The Creek
Dad and the kids decide to go on a journey to their local creek after getting bored of the local playground; although out of her comfort zone, Bluey's eyes are opened to the beauty of the natural world.

S1 E28 · Grannies
Bingo and Bluey get stuck on a question while playing a game of grannies. They call Nana to find out whether grannies can dance.

S1 E27 · Pirates
Bluey, Bingo and Missy take to the high seas and play pirates on the hammock swing, but they'll need to gather all their courage to take on storms and whale attacks.

S1 E26 · The Beach
Bluey runs to catch up to Mum as she goes for a walk at the beach; she comes across a series of fun encounters along the way.

S1 E25 · Taxi
Bluey pretends to run a taxi service, where her first passenger is Businessman Dad, who urgently needs to get to the airport.

S1 E24 · Wagonride
Dad brings Bluey and Bingo on a wagon ride to the park, and Bluey is keen to try the monkey bars, but her patience is tested when Dad continues to stop and chat with other grown-ups.

S1 E23 · Shops
Playing Shops is the best game ever for Bluey and her friends, if they can get started that is. With Bluey questioning the rules and changing who's who, they might be here all day.

S1 E22 · The Pool
Bluey and Dad tease Mum about being fussy when packing to go to the pool, but when they arrive under-prepared, they realize that Mum was right all along.

S1 E21 · Blue Mountains
Bluey, Bingo, Mum and Dad play a game of hand puppets, where they trek around the Blue Mountains and outsmart the cheeky fox to locate the softest beds in the world.

S1 E20 · Markets
With $5 from the tooth fairy to spend, Bluey is overwhelmed by all the options at the markets. She and Indy struggle in their search for the perfect purchase, proving spending is hard.

S1 E19 · The Claw
Mum and Dad construct their own magic claw machine at home for Bluey and Bingo to play with, but Dad makes sure winning isn't easy.

S1 E18 · The Doctor
As Honey waits impatiently for her appointment with Dr. Bingo, the family distracts her by pretending to work in the hospital.

S1 E17 · Calypso
At school, Bluey and friends throw themselves into various games. Teacher Calypso keeps them on track with a wise word and a song, all except the mysterious Pretzel.

S1 E16 · Yoga Ball
Bingo loves rough-housing with Dad, but sometimes he forgets Bingo is smaller than her sister Bluey. Mum shows Bingo how to use her big girl bark to alert the family when rough play becomes too much.

S1 E15 · Butterflies
Playing Butterflies in the backyard is great fun, until Bluey runs away with Judo, leaving Bingo all alone. Now poor Bingo's heartbroken and Bluey needs to make amends.

S1 E14 · Takeaway
Bluey and Bingo test the limits of Dad's patience, when they become restless while waiting for their takeaway order.

S1 E13 · Spy Game
When Bingo decides to stop playing Bluey's spy game in the park, their device to keep the grown-ups under control stops working properly.

S1 E12 · Bob Bilby
The family puts down their screens to spend time with Bingo and her Kindy's Bob Bilby puppet over the weekend.

S1 E11 · Bike
Bluey struggles to learn how to ride her bike, but finds inspiration when she watches her friends' determination with their own tasks.

S1 E10 · Hotel
Bluey and Bingo decide to run a crazy hotel with Dad acting as their put-upon guest, but when Bingo quits over Bluey's controlling nature, Dad must teach them the importance of compromise.

S1 E9 · Horsey Ride
The kids put together a horsey wedding to distract Socks when she refuses to let go of Bluey's favourite toy. Dad and Uncle Stripe saddle up as the betrothed ponies.

S1 E8 · Fruitbat
Not wanting to go to bed, Bluey tries to dream about being a nocturnal fruit bat so she can stay up all night long and soon finds herself flying through the night sky.

S1 E7 · BBQ
It's lunchtime on Bluey's back deck, but every BBQ needs a side salad, so Bingo's relaxing sit-down will have to wait until she finds every colour of pepper her cousins want.

S1 E6 · The Weekend
When Bingo finds a walking leaf insect in the garden while playing a game with Bluey and dad, she gets upset when dad is too caught up in the game to notice.

S1 E5 · Shadowlands
At a picnic, Bluey and her friends play Shadowlands, but when Coco keeps taking shortcuts, Bluey has to show her that following the rules can make the game more fun.

S1 E4 · Daddy Robot
Bluey and Bingo get Daddy Robot to clean the playroom when they don't want to do it, but Daddy Robot ends up malfunctioning.

S1 E3 · Keepy Uppy
Bluey, Bingo and Mum play Keepy-Uppy around the house with their last balloon, but it becomes competitive when Dad joins in.

S1 E2 · Hospital
Doctor Bluey is needed when Dad gets a very odd x-ray from Nurse Bingo; it seems he has a cat in his tummy, leaving Doctor Bluey no choice but to operate immediately.

S1 E1 · The Magic Xylophone
Bluey and Bingo have a magic xylophone that can freeze Dad in space and time. However, Dad gains control and freezes Bluey instead.