S1 E1 · Friendship Is Magic - Part 1
After trying to warn Princess Celestia about the return of the wicked Night Mare Moon, Twilight Sparkle and Spike travel to Ponyville where they meet Pinkie Pie, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Rarity and Fluttershy.

S1 E2 · Friendship Is Magic - Part 2
Twilight Sparkle and her new friends go on an adventure to stop Nightmare Moon's plan for never-ending nighttime. They must travel to the Castle of the Two Sisters and gather the Elements of Harmony.

S1 E3 · The Ticket Master
Twilight Sparkle decides on who to take to the pony gala, since she has an extra ticket. When the other ponies catch word, they pull out all the stops to convince her to take them.

S1 E4 · Applebuck Season
Princess Celestia sends Twilight Sparkle two tickets for the upcoming exclusive Grand Galloping Gala. Upon learning of the tickets, each of Twilight's new friends insists they should be the one to go with Twilight.

S1 E5 · Griffon the Brush-off
Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash play pranks on the other ponies; Pinkie Pie becomes a third wheel when a griffon friend of Rainbow Dash comes to visit.

S1 E6 · Boast Busters
The arrival of Trixie, a boastful pony with magical skills, annoys Ponyville's ponies; Twilight Sparkle resists her friends' requests to challenge Trixie.

S1 E7 · Dragonshy
Fluttershy must overcome her fears to convince a dragon to move out of town before its plume of black smoke covers all the land.

S1 E8 · Look Before You Sleep
Applejack and Rarity have an argument over their respective approaches to work as they prepare for a thunderstorm. Their arguing traps them outside when the storm hits, but Twilight invites them into the library to spend the night.

S1 E9 · Bridle Gossip
When the ponies are afflicted with bizarre and humorous sicknesses they accuse a mysterious zebra named Zecora of placing a curse on them.

S1 E10 · Swarm of the Century
Twilight Sparkle anxiously prepares Ponyville for a visit by Princess Celestia. During her preparations, Fluttershy finds a cute creature called a Parasprite and takes it back into town.

S1 E11 · Winter Wrap Up
Twilight Sparkle does her best to prepare for the upcoming Winter Wrap-Up without relying on her magic to help.

S1 E12 · Call of the Cutie
Apple Bloom is discouraged because she has not received her cutie mark yet so she searches out her purpose in life so she can get it.

S1 E13 · Fall Weather Friends
After a friendly game of horseshoes, Applejack and Rainbow Dash start boasting to the other about their athletic prowess. They begin an informal series of Iron Pony challenges.

S1 E14 · Suited for Success
Rarity offers to make dresses for her friends for the upcoming Gala but gets in over her head when she tries to incorporate all of their individual styling ideas.

S1 E15 · Feeling Pinkie Keen
Twilight learns that the rest of town believes that Pinkie Pie has a Pinkie Sense, in which her body reacts in different ways as warnings to certain events.

S1 E16 · Sonic Rainboom
When Twilight uses her magic to give Rarity wings so that she can watch Rainbow Dash compete in a race, Rarity is so taken with her new ability that she disrupts the competition.

S1 E17 · Stare Master
Fluttershy babysits the Cutie Mark Crusaders but quickly realises that they are more than she can handle, especially when they accidentally venture into the Everfree Forest.

S1 E18 · Show Stoppers
The Cutie Mark Crusaders receive a donation from Applejack in the form of her old clubhouse. Thinking it will earn them cutie marks and bring them closer to true life meaning, the Cutie Mark Crusaders audition for a talent show.

S1 E19 · A Dog and Pony Show
While searching for gems for a new dress, Rarity is kidnapped by a greedy pack of Diamond Dogs and forced to find jewels for them. It is up to Spike and the other ponies to rescue her.

S1 E20 · Green Isn't Your Color
The famous fashion photographer Photo Finish comes to Ponyville to see Rarity's dresses that she has made for the Gala. Rarity begs for Fluttershy to help model the fashions, despite her dislike of attention, Fluttershy agrees.

S1 E21 · Over a Barrel
The ponies settle a complicated land dispute between the Apple-loosans and a herd of buffalo, who are both fighting over the same territory.

S1 E22 · A Bird in the Hoof
Fluttershy takes the Princess's bird so that she can heal it but she doesn't ask permission. Now the ponies must collaborate to return it without the Princess noticing.

S1 E23 · The Cutie Mark Chronicles
The Cutie Mark Crusaders are frustrated by their failed attempts to get their cutie marks, but when the team approach Twilight and the rest of the ponies, they discover the stories of how everyone else got their cutie marks.

S1 E24 · Owl's Well That Ends Well
Twilight realises that Spike, being a baby dragon, is unable to stay awake to help her with her astronomy studies, but finds help with a new pet owl, Owlowiscious.

S1 E25 · Party of One
Confused and discouraged, Pinkie Pie goes on a mission to find out why her friends are avoiding her most recent party invitation.

S1 E26 · The Best Night Ever
Expectations are high for the Grand Galloping Gala but when the ponies arrive they find that their individual interests in the Gala are not all they had hoped for.

S2 E1 · The Return of Harmony - Part 1
Discord escapes from his stone prison, and Twilight and her friends must act quickly to find the Elements of Harmony to stop him.

S2 E2 · The Return of Harmony - Part 2
Discord creates conflict between Twilight and her friends, and she must bring them back together to have any hope of defeating him.

S2 E3 · Lesson Zero
Extremely organised Twilight is overcome with panic when she can't locate a lesson about friendship for her weekly letter to Princess Celestia.

S2 E4 · Luna Eclipsed
Macabre celebrations are in full swing to celebrate Nightmare Night in Ponyville when Luna herself shows up determined to change her frightening public image.

S2 E5 · Sisterhooves Social
Sweetie Belle is upset when her sister Rarity refuses to take part in a rough celebration of sisterly unity.

S2 E6 · The Cutie Pox
Apple Bloom is excited when she finally receives her cutie mark, but her excitement soon turns to panic when more and more begin appearing.

S2 E7 · May the Best Pet Win!
Rainbow Dash cannot decide on her favourite pet, so she resolves to host a flying race in order to determine the best pet.

S2 E8 · The Mysterious Mare Do Well
Rainbow Dash's flying ability makes her Ponyville's resident hero, but her friends worry that her status will go to her head. The arrival of a new masked hero complicates things even further.

S2 E9 · Sweet and Elite
After Rarity's trip to Canterlot is successful, she must choose between the important social connections she has made there and her less cultured friends back in Ponyville.

S2 E10 · Secret of My Excess
For his birthday, Spike receives some presents that activate his greedy dragon instincts. His greed causes a remarkable growth spurt, threatening Ponyville in the process.

S2 E11 · Hearth's Warming Eve
The six friends are in a play about the founding of Equestria for the Hearth's Warming Eve's holiday pageant.

S2 E12 · Family Appreciation Day
Apple Bloom is worried that Granny Smith will embarrass her by speaking in her class, so does everything she can to stop her.

S2 E13 · Baby Cakes
Pinkie Pie takes on the task of babysitting the Cakes' twin toddlers but is woefully unprepared for the challenge.

S2 E14 · The Last Roundup
The friends travel all over Equestria to track down Applejack, who has mysteriously disappeared after attending a rodeo competition in Canterlot.

S2 E15 · The Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000
The future of Sweet Apple Acres is in peril when the Apples challenge the Flim Flam brothers to a Cider Making Contest. The winner takes the farm!

S2 E16 · Read It and Weep
After mocking it as an egghead pursuit, Rainbow Dash discovers the joys of reading while laid up in Ponyville Hospital. She tries to finish her book before her friends discover her secret.

S2 E17 · Hearts and Hooves Day
The Cutie Mark Crusaders create a love potion to make Miss Cheerilee and Big Macintosh fall in love but quickly regret their actions when the couple starts spouting lovey-dovey baby talk.

S2 E18 · A Friend in Deed
Pinkie Pie is flummoxed about what to do when she meets Cranky Doodle Donkey, the first creature to ever refuse her offer of friendship.

S2 E19 · Putting Your Hoof Down
After being pushed around one too many times, Fluttershy gets some assertiveness training from self-help guru Iron Will.

S2 E20 · It's About Time
Twilight drives herself to distraction trying to forestall some future disaster after she receives a vague warning from her future self.

S2 E21 · Dragon Quest
Spike goes on a journey of self-Discovery by joining the Great Dragon Migration. But does a rough and tumble gang of teenage dragons really hold the key to the questions Spike has about his identity?

S2 E22 · Hurricane Fluttershy
Fluttershy struggles to overcome her fear of public humiliation so she can help Rainbow Dash and the other pegasi create a tornado powerful enough to lift the water required for the rainy season.

S2 E23 · Ponyville Confidential
The Cutie Mark Crusaders start a gossip column under the name Gabby Gums, but find it might not be worth the pain the stories cause other ponies.

S2 E24 · MMMystery on the Friendship Express
Pinkie Pie starts the silliest criminal investigation in the history of Equestria when a cake she is guarding for a contest is destroyed on the way to Canterlot.

S2 E25 · A Canterlot Wedding - Part 1
Twilight is confused by her conflicting feelings when she finds out her brother Shining Armor is marrying Celestia's niece Cadence.

S2 E26 · A Canterlot Wedding - Part 2
Twilight saves her brother and all of the ponykind by freeing the real Cadence and defeating Queen Chrysalis, a changeling that had assumed Cadence's appearance in an attempt to take over Equestria.

S3 E1 · The Crystal Empire - Part 1
A magical empire has suddenly appeared in the arctic north of Equestria and Princess Celestia needs Twilight and her friends to find a way to protect it.

S3 E2 · The Crystal Empire - Part 2
While her friends try to keep the crystal ponies occupied at the Crystal Fair, Twilight searches for the hidden crystal heart that is the key to keeping their empire safe from harm.

S3 E3 · Too Many Pinkie Pies
When Pinkie Pie finds it impossible to choose between fun activities with her friends, she decides to use magic to make more Pinkie Pies.

S3 E4 · One Bad Apple
Apple Bloom's cousin visits, tempting the Cutie Mark Crusaders. Babs Seed rejects an invitiation from the Cutie Mark Crusaders to join them and instead teams up with Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon.

S3 E5 · Magic Duel
Seeking revenge the powerful Trixie returns to Ponyville, defeating Twilight in a magic duel. She exiles Twilight from Ponyville, who must figure out a way to best Triexie if she is to return home.

S3 E6 · Sleepless in Ponyville
Scootaloo has nightmares after listening to Rainbow Dash's scary campfire stories and is afraid to fall asleep. She needs to face up to her greatest fear if she wants the nightmares to go away.

S3 E7 · Wonderbolt Academy
It's a dream come true when Rainbow Dash is invited to attend the Wonderbolt Academy. But when she is paired up with a Pegasus named Lightning Dust, Rainbow Dash starts to question whether or not she's Wonderbolt material

S3 E8 · Apple Family Reunion
The entire Apple clan is getting together for a family reunion, and Granny Smith has tapped Applejack to take over planning duties. However, Applejack's efforts to make it the most memorable reunion ever may end up making it memorable for all the wrong reasons.

S3 E9 · Spike at Your Service
After Applejack saves Spike from timberwolves, he insists on repaying her so that he can live up to the Noble Dragon Code. He offers to help with chores around the farm, but Applejack isn't comfortable with his servitude.

S3 E10 · Keep Calm and Flutter On
Princess Celestia puts the ponies in charge of reforming Discord, unfortunately only Fluttershy is willing to give the mischievous spirit of disharmony a chance. Twilight snaps at Celestia for disrupting Ponyville.

S3 E11 · Just For Sidekicks
Spike gets more than he bargained for when he manages to convince Twilight and her friends to allow him to look after their critters while they travel to the Crystal Empire. In exchange he wants a few gems.

S3 E12 · Games Ponies Play
The Crystal Empire is in the running to host the Equestria Games and Princess Cadence asks Twilight and her friends to help welcome the Games Inspector.

S3 E13 · Magical Mystery Cure
Twilight accidentally casts a spell that switches the Cutie Marks of all her friends. She must find a way to reverse the spell and put her friends back on the right path.

S4 E1 · Princess Twilight Sparkle - Part 1
Now that she's a princess, Twilight Sparkle has an important role to play in the Summer Sun Celebration. Princess Luna and Princess Celestia go missing.

S4 E2 · Princess Twilight Sparkle - Part 2
The Everfree Forest is threatening to take over all of Equestria. In order to stop it, Princess Twilight and her friends must bring their Elements to the Tree of Harmony.

S4 E3 · Castle-Mania
When the ponies all end up in Luna and Celestia's old castle, they let their imaginations run wild and become convinced that it is haunted.

S4 E4 · Daring Don't
When the latest book in the Daring Do series is delayed, Rainbow Dash and her friends decide to offer their help to the book's author so that she can finish it.

S4 E5 · Flight to the Finish
The Cutie Mark Crusaders vie for the honour of carrying the Ponyville flag at the Equestria Games. Scootaloo wants to represent Ponyville by flying during their routine.

S4 E6 · Power Ponies
When Spike and the Mane 6 end up as superheroes in a comic book world, the only way to get back home is to defeat the super-villain The Mane-iac.

S4 E7 · Bats!
Vampire Fruit Bats take over Sweet Apple Acres and Applejack and her friends' efforts to get rid of them take an unexpected and frightening turn.

S4 E8 · Rarity Takes Manehattan
Rarity goes to Manehattan for Fashion Week and loses her sense of generosity after she gives another designer some fabric and the designer uses it to copy Rarity's entire fashion line.

S4 E9 · Pinkie Apple Pie
When Pinkie Pie finds out that she might be related to the Apple family, she joins them on a road trip to visit a relative who can provide proof that she is their cousin.

S4 E10 · Rainbow Falls
Rainbow Dash is headed to the Equestria Games trials with the Ponyville Relay Team, and has her loyalty tested by a new opportunity.

S4 E11 · Three's a Crowd
Twilight hopes to see Princess Candace. When a sick friend shows up needing Twilight's attention, it looks like her plans for a peaceful visit with her sister-in-law will have to be put on hold.

S4 E12 · Pinkie Pride
Pinkie Pie finds her status as `super-duper party pony' in danger when the mysterious and eery Cheese Sandwich comes to town and offers to plan an epic party for Rainbow Dash.

S4 E13 · Simple Ways
Rarity has a crush on the travel writer Trenderhoof, and plans to wow him with her ideas for the upcoming Ponyville Days Festival.

S4 E14 · Filli Vanilli
When a member of the singing group the Ponytones has to drop out of an important performance, Fluttershy takes drastic measures to ensure the show goes on.

S4 E15 · Twilight Time
The Cutie Mark Crusaders are thrilled when Twilight offers to help them with their studies. Problems arise when the girls realise they can use their relationship with Twilight to increase their popularity.

S4 E16 · It Ain't Easy Being Breezies
When tiny, magical creatures called Breezies get into trouble while making their migration home, Fluttershy swoops in to save them.

S4 E17 · Somepony to Watch Over Me
Apple Bloom gets the chance to stay home alone for the day, but a series of unfortunate accidents causes Applejack to regret her decision.

S4 E18 · Maud Pie
Pinkie Pie's sister Maud is coming to Ponyville, and Pinkie Pie can't wait for her friends and sister to meet and become best friends.

S4 E19 · For Whom the Sweetie Belle Toils
When Sweetie Belle becomes angry with Rarity for stealing her spotlight, Sweetie Belle deliberately sabotages a costume for one of Rarity's most elite clients.

S4 E20 · Leap of Faith
A miracle, cure-all tonic has Ponyville ponies eager to spend their hard-earned money for a chance to be rid of their ailments. Applejack has her doubts about the merits of the tonic, until Granny Smith begins taking it and appears to be cured of all her aches and pains.

S4 E21 · Testing, Testing, 1, 2, 3
Rainbow Dash is preparing to take her test on the history of the Wonderbolts: a test she must pass in order to become a member of the Wonderbolts Reserves.

S4 E22 · Trade Ya
Spike and the Mane 6 are headed to the Rainbow Falls Traders Exchange, each with their sights set on trading something they no longer want for something they value.

S4 E23 · Inspiration Manifestation
Rarity loses her creative mojo and feels like she may never be able to create again. Eager to help, Spike finds a spell that makes all of Rarity's ideas come to pass. But when those ideas start to have a negative impact on Ponyville, Spike has trouble confronting Rarity for fear he'll lose her as a friend.

S4 E24 · Equestria Games
Spike is elated when he's given the honour of lighting the torch to open the Equestria Games. But when his nerves get the best of him, Spike goes to great lengths to prove he's the heroic dragon others believe him to be.

S4 E25 · Twilight's Kingdom - Part 1
When a villain escapes Tartarus, Princess Celestia chooses Discord to help track him down instead of Princess Twilight.

S4 E26 · Twilight's Kingdom - Part 2
In order to protect their magic, as well as the fate of Equestria, Princess Celestia, Princess Luna, and Princess Cadance transfer all of their magical power to Twilight.

S5 E1 · The Cutie Map - Part 1
The Mane 6 arrive in a village to solve a friendship problem and find out that everyone in the village has given up their Cutie Marks.

S5 E2 · The Cutie Map - Part 2
The Mane 6's Cutie Marks are taken and they must find a way to get them back. When a deep dark secret is revealed about the pony who took them, they think they may have the answer.

S5 E3 · Castle Sweet Castle
When her friends find out that Princess Twilight has been avoiding her new castle, they offer to make it feel more like home.

S5 E4 · Bloom and Gloom
Apple Bloom's concerns about getting her Cutie Mark turn her life into a nightmare from which she may never escape.

S5 E5 · Tanks for the Memories
Rainbow Dash can't accept the fact that Tank must hibernate for the winter, and decides that the solution is to stop winter from coming.

S5 E6 · Appleoosa's Most Wanted
Infamous outlaw Troubleshoes Clyde returns to terrorize the Appleoosa rodeo and the Cutie Mark Crusaders set out to bring him to justice, hoping it is the key to finally getting their cutie marks.

S5 E7 · Make New Friends but Keep Discord
When Discord learns that Fluttershy is taking a new friend to the Grand Galloping Gala instead of him, he goes to extreme lengths to prove that he isn't upset about it.

S5 E8 · The Lost Treasure of Griffonstone
Rainbow Dash and Pinkie pie are called by the map to the ancient kingdom of Griffonstone but have conflicting ideas as to what problem they have been called to fix.

S5 E9 · Slice of Life
With Twilight Sparkle, Fluttershy, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Rarity busy battling a monster, the rest of Ponyville scrambles to make it to a wedding on time.

S5 E10 · Princess Spike
When Spike is tasked with making sure nothing disturbs Princess Twilight, the power goes to his head and he starts making important decisions in her name, with disastrous results.

S5 E11 · Party Pooped
It's up to Pinkie Pie's party to save the day when an important friendship summit turns into a disaster, but it takes an epic voyage across Equestria to reignite her party inspiration.

S5 E12 · Amending Fences
When Twilight realises what a bad friend she was before moving to Ponyville, she and Spike return to Canterlot to make amends to her former friends.

S5 E13 · Do Princesses Dream of Magic Sheep?
Princess Luna recruits the Mane Six to help her track down the Tantabus, a magical force that threatens to turn every pony in Equestria's dreams into nightmares.

S5 E14 · Canterlot Boutique
Rarity's dream of owning a boutique in Canterlot has finally come true. Her new shop is an instant success, but it comes at a price Rarity isn't sure she's willing to pay.

S5 E15 · Rarity Investigates!
When Rainbow Dash is accused of a crime she didn't commit, it falls on Rarity to prove her friend is innocent.

S5 E16 · Made in Manehattan
Applejack and Rarity are called to Manehattan to solve a friendship problem; they find themselves helping Coco Pommel with a major project in her neighborhood, but the three soon discover that they've bitten off more than they can chew.

S5 E17 · Brotherhooves Social
When Applejack is called away and has to miss participating in the Sisterhooves Social with Apple Bloom, Big Mac decides to fill in for her.

S5 E18 · Crusaders of the Lost Mark
When Pip Squeak decides to run for class president, the Cutie Mark Crusaders rally around their friend, but find themselves helping their long-time nemesis, Diamond Tiara, in an unexpected way.

S5 E19 · The One Where Pinkie Pie Knows
Pinkie Pie tries her best, but still has a hard time keeping a secret about Princess Cadance and Shining Armour.

S5 E20 · Hearthbreakers
Applejack is excited to celebrate Hearthswarming Eve with Pinkie Pie's family, but soon discovers that the Pies have very different ways of enjoying the holiday at their Rock Farm.

S5 E21 · Scare Master
Fluttershy is preparing to stay inside on Nightmare Night, but is forced to go outside when she discovers Angel has no food.

S5 E22 · What About Discord?
Twilight returns from Canterlot to discover that her friends have developed a bond with Discord. Puzzled, she starts to suspect that Discord is up to something sinister.

S5 E23 · The Hooffields and McColts
Princess Twilight and Fluttershy are called by the map to settle a dispute between two feuding families who can't even remember why they are fighting.

S5 E24 · The Mane Attraction
An old friend of Applejack's has become a huge pop star, but Applejack fears that the singer's manager does not have her best interests at heart.

S5 E25 · The Cutie Re-Mark - Part 1
Starlight Glimmer returns to seek vengeance on Twilight and her friends and has acquired a spell that could change the past, present, and future of Equestria forever.

S5 E26 · The Cutie Re-Mark - Part 2
Princess Twilight continues to try to stop Starlight from changing the past, but she worries her efforts may be in vain.

S6 E1 · The Crystalling - Part 1
Twilight and her friends head to the Crystal Empire to welcome Cadance and Shining Armour's new baby. Also, Twilight gives Starlight her first friendship lesson, which is to reunite with her old friend, Sunburst.

S6 E2 · The Crystalling - Part 2
The ponies try to think of a way to save the Crystal Empire from an eternal winter while Starlight tries to cope with her failed reunion with Sunburst.

S6 E3 · The Gift of the Maud Pie
During a visit to Manehattan, Rarity tries to find the perfect location for her new shop while Pinkie Pie tries to find the perfect gift for Maud for their annual `Pie Sister Surprise Swap Day.'

S6 E4 · On Your Marks
Now that they've finally received their cutie marks, the Cutie Mark Crusaders struggle with the question of what's next; the friends do not all agree on how to embrace their destinies.

S6 E5 · Gauntlet of Fire
Spike attempts to save his friends by taking part in the perilous Gauntlet, which will grant the title of Dragon Lord.

S6 E6 · No Second Prances
Starlight Glimmer excitedly introduces her new friend to Princess Twilight Sparkle, but Twilight is shocked to learn it's Trixie.

S6 E7 · Newbie Dash
Rainbow Dash finally achieves her dream of becoming a Wonderbolt, but makes a disastrous first impression with the team and gets saddled with a mortifying nickname she is determined to change.

S6 E8 · A Hearth's Warming Tail
Starlight Glimmer has a case of the holiday blues, so Twilight tries to help cure her by reading one of her favorite Hearth Warming's Eve stories, "A Hearth's Warming Tale."

S6 E9 · The Saddle Row Review
When Rarity opens her flagship store in Manehattan, a tell-all article threatens to expose how badly her friends almost ruined the Grand Opening.

S6 E10 · Applejack's "Day" Off
Rarity struggles to get Applejack to relax at the spa; when Twilight and Spike attempt to take over Applejack's simple farm chores, it turns out to be a more difficult job than they thought.

S6 E11 · Flutter Brutter
When Fluttershy tries to convince her freeloading brother to move out of their parents' house, he moves in with her instead, forcing Fluttershy to stand up to him and help him get over his fear of failure.

S6 E12 · Spice Up Your Life
Pinkie Pie and Rarity discover a father and daughter struggling to keep their family restaurant open, which is cause tension in their relationship.

S6 E13 · Stranger Than Fan Fiction
Rainbow Dash attends the Daring Do Convention in Manehattan and meets a pony who hates Daring Do as much as she loves it.

S6 E14 · The Cart Before the Ponies
The Cutie Mark Crusaders are excited for the chance to race in the annual Applewood Derby until their teammates Rarity, Applejack and Rainbow Dash take over the competition.

S6 E15 · 28 Pranks Later
When Rainbow Dash's pranking gets out of hand, every pony decides to give her a taste of her own medicine, zom-pony style.

S6 E16 · The Times They Are a Changeling
Spike travels with Twilight and Sunburst back to the Crystal Empire to visit Flurry Heart, only to discover that the entire Empire is in a panic due to the reported presence of a Changeling spy.

S6 E17 · Dungeons and Discords
When the Mane 6 leave town, Discord decides to join Spike and Big Mac's top secret Guys' Night; Much to Discord's disappointment, the Guys' Night turns out to be an evening of fantasy role-playing.

S6 E18 · Buckball Season
Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy surprise everyone when they turn out to be Ponyville's best Buckball players, so Applejack and Rainbow Dash agree to coach them against Appleoosa.

S6 E19 · The Fault in Our Cutie Marks
The Crusaders encounter a problem that might be impossible for them to solve when an enthusiastic young griffin asks them to help her get a Cutie Mark of her own.

S6 E20 · Viva Las Pegasus
Applejack and Fluttershy follow the map to Las Pegasus where they discover suspicious going-ons at a resort called Gladmane's; they also find Film and Flam working at the resort.

S6 E21 · Every Little Thing She Does
Starlight Glimmer is excelling at her magical studies with Twilight Sparkle, but she has been avoiding her friendship lessons. Trying to impress her teacher, Starlight attempts to tackle several friendship problems at once, with questionable results.

S6 E22 · P.P.O.V. (Pony Point of View)
Twilight must find the truth after Applejack, Rarity and Pinkie Pie have three different versions of events from their boat trip and are upset with each other.

S6 E23 · Where the Apple Lies
When Apple Bloom tells a white lie to cover up a mistake, Applejack shares the story of how she came to value honesty after telling a series of lies that almost destroyed the farm and landed the whole Apple family in the hospital.

S6 E24 · Top Bolt
Rainbow Dash and Twilight Sparkle are sent to the Wonderbolt Academy to help two friends, Vapor Trail and Sky Stinger, solve a friendship problem that could prevent them from getting into the Academy.

S6 E25 · To Where and Back Again - Part 1
Without the assistance of Twilight Sparkle and the Mane Six, Starlight Glimmer must work alone to assemble an unlikely team of heroes to defend Equestria from the return of one of its greatest threats.

S6 E26 · To Where and Back Again - Part 2
To rescue her friends and save Equestria, Starlight Glimmer leads an unlikely band of heroes against one of the ponies' oldest and greatest foes.

S7 E1 · Celestial Advice
Twilight Sparkle agonises over Starlight Glimmer's future, so she receives some helpful advice from her mentor, Princess Celestia.

S7 E2 · All Bottled Up
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie misplace Twilight's friendship map during a retreat. Starlight makes use of a spell to hold her anger in until the map is relocated.

S7 E3 · A Flurry of Emotions
Twilight Sparkle tries to prove she is the best aunt ever when she adds baby-sitting her niece, Flurry Heart, to her already busy schedule.

S7 E4 · Rock Solid Friendship
Pinkie Pie tries her best to ensure her sister, Maud, sees what Ponyville has to offer beyond rocks so that she'll want to stay.

S7 E5 · Fluttershy Leans In
Fluttershy is determined to make her career dreams come true with the help of some very special ponies. When her true vision is not being executed properly, she must find a way to stand up and fight for her ideas.

S7 E6 · Forever Filly
Rarity tries to surprise Sweetie Belle with a day filled with all of her favorite activities, but quickly learns her little sister is no longer the little foal she used to be.

S7 E7 · Parental Glideance
When Rainbow Dash's parents discover she's a Wonderbolt, they show up to cheer her on, but their enthusiasm proves embarrassing.

S7 E8 · Hard to Say Anything
The Cutie Mark Crusaders try to help Big Mac when they find out about his crush on Sugar Belle. They want him to woo her before stallion Feather Bangs makes his move.

S7 E9 · Honest Apple
Rarity persuades Applejack to become a judge for a fashion show, but her blunt practical sensibilities cause friction.

S7 E10 · A Royal Problem
Starlight Glimmer is sent to solve a friendship problem between Princess Celestia and Princess Luna. When it's clear that the problem is that the royal sisters don't appreciate one another, Starlight impulsively switches their cutie marks.

S7 E11 · Not Asking for Trouble
Pinkie Pie visits Prince Rutherford and the Yaks. While there, an avalanche falls on the entire rustic village of Yakyakistan. Pinkie Pie suggests that she go to get the other ponies to come help but the proud Prince and Yaks refuse.

S7 E12 · Discordant Harmony
When Discord invites Fluttershy to his realm for tea, he worries she won't be comfortable there and begins to change it, and himself, with disastrous results.

S7 E13 · The Perfect Pear
The Apple siblings try to discover the root of the feud between the Apple and Pear families, before learning about their parents' secret past.

S7 E14 · Fame and Misfortune
Twilight Sparkle's publishing of the friendship journal has unintended consequences when ponies start to argue over who wrote the best lessons.

S7 E15 · Triple Threat
Spike accidentally invites Ember and Thorax to Ponyville on the same day. He's sure the two new leaders are not going to get along so he does all he can to keep them apart and cover the fact that the other is there.

S7 E16 · Campfire Tales
When their sister camping trip is ruined by Fly-ders, Applejack, Rarity, and Rainbow Dash tell Sweetie Belle, Apple Bloom, and Scootaloo the stories of their favorite legends; inspired by the tales, the girls make the most out of their new situation.

S7 E17 · To Change a Changeling
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie try to get Thorax's brother Pharynx to accept the new way by sharing love and transforming so he doesn't undermine Thorax's leadership, and that the hive will ultimately accept him.

S7 E18 · Daring Done
Rainbow Dash is devastated with her favourite author's retirement announcement, so Dash and Pinkie Pie go on an adventure to find out if the book on Daring Do really will be closed forever.

S7 E19 · It Isn't the Mane Thing About You
When Rarity's shampoo is accidentally switched with Zecora's magical remover potion, she does everything she can to fix her devastated mane in time for an upcoming photo shoot.

S7 E20 · A Health of Information
While helping Fluttershy gather supplies, Zecora comes down with a terrible disease called Swamp Fever. Even though a cure has not yet been discovered, Fluttershy makes it her mission to heal Zecora no matter what it takes.

S7 E21 · Marks and Recreation
The Cutie Mark Crusaders decide to start up a Cutie Mark day camp for other ponies. But they are surprised when they find that one of the attendees doesn't want to be stamped with a cutie mark.

S7 E22 · Once Upon a Zeppelin
Twilight is torn when she discovers the cruise she and her family are on is a themed vacation experience in which ponies have paid for the privilege of spending time with her, and she must please both her family and the cruise attendees.

S7 E23 · Secrets and Pies
Pinkie tries to find out if Rainbow Dash actually ate any of the pies she has baked for her.

S7 E24 · Uncommon Bond
When Starlight gets a visit from Sunburst, she discovers that he has tons in common with her friends and starts to wonder if he still has anything in common with her.

S7 E25 · Shadow Play - Part 1
When Sunburst discovers the lost journal of Starswirl the Bearded, Twilight becomes obsessed with saving her magical idol from a thousand year old prison.

S7 E26 · Shadow Play - Part 2
With Starswirl and the other Pillars of Old Equestria back from limbo (where they've been trapped for a thousand years), Twilight and all of her friends must work together to defeat the Pony of Shadows.

S8 E1 · School Daze - Part 1
When the Friendship Map grows bigger to reflect the world beyond Equestria, the Mane Six realize they'll need a way to spread the message of friendship far and wide; luckily Twilight knows just what to do-- open a School of Friendship.

S8 E2 · School Daze - Part 2
With her School of Friendship closed by the EEA, Twilight Sparkle must reunite her students, inspire her friends, and buck the rules to stand up for what she knows is right - every creature, pony or not, deserves to learn friendship together.

S8 E3 · The Maud Couple
Pinkie is upset when Maud gets a new boyfriend, because she doesn't like him. Pinkie and Maud's super-best-friend-sister bond comes under threat as a result of the conflict.

S8 E4 · Fake It 'Til You Make It
Fluttershy looks after the Manehattan boutique while Rarity is away; she takes on a series of characters to cope with the intimidating clientele and learns that she was already the best pony for the job just by being herself.

S8 E5 · Grannies Gone Wild
Granny Smith and her elderly friends are headed to Las Pegasus, and Rainbow Dash tags along as a chaperone so she can ride the best rollercoaster ever before it closes.

S8 E6 · Surf and/or Turf
The Cutie Mark Crusaders try to help a Hippogriff to figure out where he belongs. With family members on Mount Aris as well as Sea Pony relatives in Seaquestria, he can't decide where to live.

S8 E7 · Horse Play
Princess Celestia's fillyhood dream of being in a play is realised when Twilight Sparkle casts her in a production, only to discover Celestia's talents lie elsewhere.

S8 E8 · The Parent Map
Neither Starlight nor Sunburst have visited their parents in a long time, but when both are called by the map to their hometown, they discover their parents are at the center of the friendship problem.

S8 E9 · Non-Compete Clause
Applejack and Rainbow Dash take the friendship students on a teamwork learning field trip, and accidentally show the students the opposite of teamwork.

S8 E10 · The Break Up Break Down
When Hearts and Hooves Day arrives, Big Mac has big romantic plans for Sugar Belle, but the day takes a turn when he overhears his "special somepony" tell Mrs. Cake that she's planning on breaking up with him.

S8 E11 · Molt Down
Spike begins to wonder what is happening when he experiences some strange symptoms. Smolder reassures him that all dragons go through similar circumstances when they reach adolescence.

S8 E12 · Marks for Effort
Even though they've already mastered the curriculum, the Cutie Mark Crusaders try to convince Twilight to grant them admission to her School of Friendship.

S8 E13 · The Mean 6
Queen Chrysalis returns to Equestria, prepared to exact her revenge on Starlight Glimmer and the Mane 6.

S8 E14 · A Matter of Principals
When Twilight Sparkle leaves Starlight in charge of the School of Friendship, Discord is frustrated he wasn't picked for the job, and he does his best to make Starlight's new role impossible.

S8 E15 · The Hearth's Warming Club
Hearth plans for Warming Eve, but a prank gets in the way of her preparations. Twilight decides to try and find out who caused the trouble, and the students bond over old memories.

S8 E16 · Friendship University
When Twilight discovers there's another school of friendship, she and Rarity go to investigate and are shocked to discover that Twilight's idol and Pillar of Old Equestria, Starswirl the Bearded, is enrolled at Friendship U!

S8 E17 · The End in Friend
When trying to find something they both like, Rarity and Rainbow Dash realise that they do not have much in common. This causes them to question the strength of their friendship.

S8 E18 · Yakity-Sax
Pinkie Pie has a new hobby that she absolutely loves - playing the Zenithrash; when her friends discourage her from playing due to her lack of skill, it causes a series of events leading to Pinkie Pie possibly leaving Ponyville forever.

S8 E19 · On the Road to Friendship
When Trixie is invited to bring her magic show to the far off land of Saddle Arabia, she can think of nopony better to bring along than her great and powerful assistant, Starlight-but, not all friends are meant to travel together.

S8 E20 · The Washouts
When Scootaloo becomes enamoured with The Washouts, a touring group of stunt ponies, Rainbow Dash is concerned for her safety and worries that Scoot's days as her number one fan are over.

S8 E21 · A Rockhoof and a Hard Place
When Rockhoof, heroic Pillar of the past, is having trouble fitting into the modern world, Twilight Sparkle and her friends strive to help him find a new purpose.

S8 E22 · What Lies Beneath
The students at Twilight's School of Friendship are cramming for an exam on the History of Magic in Equestria in the school library when they discover a part of the school that no other ponies know about.

S8 E23 · Sounds of Silence
Fluttershy and Applejack embark on a friendship quest at the edge of the map where they encounter a group of ponies who, so afraid of hurting each other's feelings, have taken a vow of silence.

S8 E24 · Father Knows Beast
When a strange dragon crash lands in Ponyville claiming to be Spike's father, Spike is ready to do anything his father says in order to learn how to be a real dragon.

S8 E25 · School Raze - Part 1
When the magic of Equestria mysteriously begins to fail, Twilight leads her friends on a quest for answers, leaving the School of Friendship open to attack from a dangerous mastermind.

S8 E26 · School Raze - Part 2
While Twilight and the rest of the Mane Six try to escape Tartarus, Cozy Glow furthers her plot to take over the School of Friendship, with only Twilight's students and the CMCs to stop her.

S9 E1 · The Beginning of the End - Part 1
Twilight Sparkle is put into a tale spin of emotions when Princess Celestia and Princess Luna decide to retire. Meanwhile, an ancient villain gathers up a group of evil characters to take over all of Equestria.

S9 E2 · The Beginning of the End - Part 2
As Twilight and the rest of the Mane Six struggle to come to terms with the destruction of the Tree and Elements of Harmony, King Sombra sets his sights on conquering all of Equestria.

S9 E3 · Uprooted
The Young Six respond to a magical summons from the Tree of Harmony, only to learn it has been completely destroyed.

S9 E4 · Sparkle's Seven
Twilight and Shining Armour pit their wits against each other to settle a long-standing sibling rivalry, but they soon discover they are not the only competitors.

S9 E5 · The Point of No Return
Twilight Sparkle realises she never returned a book to the Canterlot Library and may have caused her favourite librarian Dusty Pages to lose her job.

S9 E6 · Common Ground
Rainbow Dash's old pal Quibble Pants needs help to bond with the daughter of his new special friend because, like Dash, she's a real sports pony.

S9 E7 · She's All Yak
When Sandbar asks Yona to a pony dance, she goes to Rarity and her friends for a makeover, in appearance and personality.

S9 E8 · Frenemies
Grogar sends his legion of doom on a mission to become allies, but his plan works too well and they almost become friends.

S9 E9 · Sweet and Smoky
Smolder returns to the Dragonlands with Spike and Fluttershy to help cheer up her sensitive brother, but when they arrive, they discover the dragon eggs aren't hatching.

S9 E10 · Going to Seed
Applejack's plans for an orderly harvest go awry when Apple Bloom becomes obsessed with catching a magical creature she thinks can help them.

S9 E11 · Student Counsel
Starlight Glimmer relishes her role as school counsellor and encourages the students to come to her anytime about anything, but she becomes overwhelmed and learns a lesson.

S9 E12 · The Last Crusade
The appearance of some unexpected visitors to Ponyville threaten to break up the Cutie Mark Crusaders forever.

S9 E13 · Between Dark and Dawn
When Luna and Celestia take a sister vacation, it's up to Twilight and her friends to cover the princesses' many royal duties.

S9 E14 · The Last Laugh
When Pinkie Pie needs to find her life's purpose, she seeks out her old friend Cheese Sandwich, however she soon discovers the the unimaginable has happened.

S9 E15 · 2,4,6, Greaaat
The School of Friendship is starting a buckball team, and Rainbow Dash has to come to terms with the fact that she won't be coaching the team.

S9 E16 · A Trivial Problem
Twilight's hopes of keeping her Trivia Trot winning streak alive are waylaid when she's unexpectedly paired up with Pinkie Pie, who has never been to a trivia night before.

S9 E17 · The Summer Sun Setback
Twilight is determined to make Celestia and Luna's last Summer Sun Celebration a memorable one, but things start going horribly wrong.

S9 E18 · She Talks to Angel
When Fluttershy and Angel Bunny's relationship hits the skids, Zecora gives them a potion to help them understand each other.

S9 E19 · Dragon Dropped
When Spike stops making time for Rarity whenever she asks, she worries she's done something to upset him, but the truth looks even worse when it seems like she's been replaced by a new friend.

S9 E20 · A Horse Shoe In
Starlight decides to hire Vice Headmare in preparation to take control of the School of Friendship from Twilight.

S9 E21 · Daring Doubt
When another author releases his own version of the events in AK Yearling's Daring Do books, Rainbow Dash is furious, while Fluttershy is curious to know the truth.

S9 E22 · Growing Up is Hard to Do
The Cutie Mark Crusaders are magically transformed into grown ups, and realise that it is difficult to be an adult without the knowledge and experience that comes with growing up the normal way.

S9 E23 · The Big Mac Question
When Big Mac and Sugar Belle decide to propose to each other, everything their friends do to help ends up making a mess of the whole thing.

S9 E24 · The Ending of the End - Part 1
The Mane Six need to make a stand and save the kingdom, when a dastardly alliance unleashes their unified might on Equestria.

S9 E25 · The Ending of the End - Part 2
Twilight Sparkle tries to ready her companions for the battle to come, their friendship proving to be a powerful force.

S9 E26 · The Last Problem
Years from now, Princess Twilight, ruler of Equestria, is expecting a visit from a student with a problem. As she attempts to solve it, she looks back on the times she and the Mane Six spent together.
